so when you wrote offensive play and I
was a reaction to that the feedback I
got to my piece maybe feel like I was
one of the first when in fact I'm you
know I'm the tenth man in on journalists
in on this issue you know notice I
considered myself late to the party you
know to that kind of that issue how
Schwartz is the guy who has been driving
this for years but I was done by how
many people hadn't even thought about
this before the time before they read my
piece in other words people I mean
they've been a ton of reporting on this
but people just seem to have blocked it
out or something it's an example of
something that people weren't interested
in hearing and it's what's astonishing
about the stories how long it's taken to
kind of gather momentum you know i'm
assuming with your credentials in your
background that you choose pretty much
everything you you write about right and
you're making the choices you not assign
these things what made you choose this
topic well what does I'm a fan I mean
I'm a huge football fan I mean I spend
Saturday and Sunday you know in front of
the TV every fall I have done for the
last 30 years of my life and I was you
know I first of all I had to ask the
question would I ever let any child by
playing football and I realized there's
no way not a chance right and then I
started out to my friends would you let
your kids play football no way why isn't
it why is it not sticking with our
culture is it because we're so
distracted by everything else yeah I
don't have time to invest in this and
because we're investing so much time and
enjoying it that it's a conflict of them
are own emotional interest will ask when
you talk to allen schwartz ask him why
he didn't win the Pulitzer I for the
life of me I've no clue as to why he
hasn't won a Pulitzer this is exactly
the kind of things for which we usually
when someone I mean he startled has
owned and operated the story from the
beginning he has he has been pounding
day in day out in the most prestigious
newspaper in the world about this for
how many years now and he hasn't won the
Pulitzer that to me is incredible right
this is it you know and that shows me
that there is a some it's a simple
of some kind of broader social
resistance to this message people they
don't want to hear it I mean because
they've got a kid or a sibling or a
cousin or something or nephew playing
the sport and they want to I still want
to close their eyes and block the
rearers oh you're ready for some real
their shield on my chest